
# CREATE A VENV PLEASE
### REEUIRED PACKAGES
- Currently none


### PDFS NEEDED STILL
Docs still needed
- contributions_doc.pdf
  - Bhavya Patel bbp53
  - Aaryan Bhardwaj ab2640
  - Parth Parekh pvp70
- testing_doc.pdf
  - [5 pts] Input file generation
    - Did you generate input files? Did you have the chatbot generate input files? Detail which files were generated by you, and which ones by the chatbot.
  - [20 pts] Incorporating isses in input for correctness testing
    - How did you incoporate possible issues in the input files so you can test the orrectness of code that handles these issues?
  - [15 pts] Ensuring good distribution of input data
    - How did you ensure a good distribution of data in the input files so that you could be confident that your tests exercised various paths through the code?
- coding_doc.pdf
  - [20 pts] Chatbot Sessions Links
    - Provide link(s) to your chatbot session(s).
    - The sessions should show ALL your prompts and responses from the chatbot. This should include prompts and responses for generation of test code.
  - [5 pts] Chatbots used
    - Of the suggested chatbots ChatGPT, Claude, and Gemini, which ones did you use? If you used more than one, briefly describe which aspects of coding and testing were handled by which chatbot.
  - [7 pts] Case-sensitivity handling
    - What, if any, parts of the data are to be processed in a case-sensitive manner, and which ones are not? Why? Did the chatbot automatically handle this in its code? If not, which aspects of your requirement weren't handled and how did you fix it?
  - [8 pts] Unclear code/chatbot explanations
    - What parts of the generated code did you not understand? How did you get your chatbot to explain the code to help you understand? Of these, which parts were specifically language features that were not covered in class?
  - [10 pts] Input data issues handling
    - What specific measures did the generated code take to circumvent possible issues with the input data, such as formatting errors, etc? List all these measures.
  - [10 pts] Issues not handled by AI code, fixes
    - Were there issues with the input data you could think of that were not taken into account by the generated code? If so, what were these prospective issues, and how did you get your chatbot to generate code for them?


# hw1cs210
